New Update User Guide - Add Details panel and new Side Bar for dashboards (#10071)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/exploring-dashboards.md

* **Login/Logout** by clicking the <img src="../img/button/logged.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button (for more information see the [Managing Users and Groups](managing-users-and-groups.md) section)

### Side Toolbar

From the **Side Toolbar** the user can:

<img src="../img/exploring-dashboards/options-menu.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:150px;"/>

* [Add new widgets](adding-widgets.md#adding-widgets) with the <img src="../img/button/++++.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button

* See the connections between widgets with the <img src="../img/button/show-connections.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button, available when connections are present (more information about this option are available in [Connecting Widgets](connecting-widgets.md#connecting-widgets) section)

* See the **About this dashboard** panel by clicking the <img src="../img/button/details2.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button, when [Details](resources-properties.md#details) are present

* **Export** dashboard in `json` format by clicking the <img src="../img/button/export2.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button

> * **Import** `json` dashboard files from your computer by clicking the <img src="../img/button/import2.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button (it will replace without asking the current dashboard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Import** `json` dashboard files from your computer by clicking the <img src="../img/button/import2.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button (it will replace the current dashboard directly)
```
